# Meeting Minutes for 2023-10-09 <!-- ISO-8601 format -->

Group Number: 5

Sponsor Name: 5675 WiredCats 

Project Team Members:
- Alex Fitzsimmons
- Allie Kalhorn
- Cullen Armstrong
- Daniel Wilkins
- Joshua Vattiprolu
- Sebastian Smiley

Meeting Date: 2023-10-09 <!-- ISO-8601 format -->

Meeting Time: 16:00-17:10 <!-- 24-hour time -->

Meeting Location: Floyd Hall <!-- MEETING_LOCATION_HERE -->

Attendance: <!-- Include team members and sponsors. -->
- Alex Fitzsimmons
- Allie Kalhorn
- Cullen Armstrong
- Daniel Wilkins
- Sebastian Smiley

## Topics of Discussion

- Discussed prior week's progress
  - Putting completed work into [responsibility_tracking.md](/artifacts/responsibility_tracking.md).
  - Basic RxDB with Electron: working on moving from "hello world" to more advanced use cases.
- Discussing historical workflow diagram
  - AppSheet servers pass data directly through to Google Sheets, with GS being the authoritative source.
  - Terminology: Scouting Data vs. API Data
    - Scouting Data: comes from students collecting data through AppSheet. Comprised of both Match Scouting data and Pit Scouting Data.
    - API Data: comes from FIRST API, or in the context of the WiredCats systems from prior years, 
  - When Scouting Data and API Data conflict, we should use API Data since it is more reliable.
  - When Scouting Data has more granularity than API Data, we should use Scouting Data.
- Discuss UI rough draft
  - Resolution to focus on function over form for the time-being.
    - Make sure that every relevant component is on the page.
  - At some point, chart components for printable reports will need to become modular.
- Going forward
  - Important to consider how tasks will be divided.
  - How will we be creating a schema-builder and report-builder.
  - How will we be mapping JSON data and parsing CSV data so both can be used in a database.
    - Need to design a system that standardizes the data from both.
    - Will end up with two pages, each with the ability to view data and create a schema for it.
  - Consider using a system that will automatically pull data from Google Sheets.
    - But we want the fallback of being able to directly import CSV data.
  


## Summary

### Progress Made <!-- What have we accomplished since last meeting? -->

- Analyzed the WiredCat's old method of doing things to check how we can improve.
- Rough draft of app's UI in figma.
- Formalized system for tracking what tasks are pending/completed.
- Tested skeleton of Electron app.

### Next Steps <!-- What do we want to accomplish before the next meeting? -->

- Finish SRS document.
- Continue work on Figma rough drafts.
- Electron app with "click button to add entry to DB" functionality.
